README.md, before:

# Formally Verifying __Complex Systems__ Using $$TLA^+$$

Lightning talk I ([@berenguel](https://twitter.com/berenguel)) gave at Scala Exchange on December 2018 to give a quick overview of TLA+ and PlusCal and how they can be used to model systems we use as Scala developers.

You can find the slides [here](https://github.com/rberenguel/tla_lightning/raw/master/tla_lightning.pdf). I recommend you check the version with presenter notes [here](https://github.com/rberenguel/tla_lightning/raw/master/tla_lightning_with_presenter_notes.pdf). You can watch the live recording [here](https://skillsmatter.com/skillscasts/13265-lightning-talk-formally-verifying-complex-systems-using-tla).

Sadly the PDF does not show animated gifs or videos, you can either check what they are in the [images](https://github.com/rberenguel/tla_lightning/raw/master/images/) folder  or watch the video.

---

This presentation is formatted in Markdown and prepared to be used with
[Deckset](https://www.decksetapp.com/). The drawings were done on an iPad Pro
using [Procreate](https://procreate.art). **Here only the final PDF and the
source Markdown is available **. Sadly animated gifs and video are just static images in the PDF.

Commit message:

Add online examples via TLA+ Jupyter kernel

README.md, after:

# Formally Verifying __Complex Systems__ Using $$TLA^+$$

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/rberenguel/tla_lightning/master?filepath=tla_lightning.ipynb)

Lightning talk I ([@berenguel](https://twitter.com/berenguel)) gave at Scala Exchange on December 2018 to give a quick overview of TLA+ and PlusCal and how they can be used to model systems we use as Scala developers.

You can find the slides [here](https://github.com/rberenguel/tla_lightning/raw/master/tla_lightning.pdf). I recommend you check the version with presenter notes [here](https://github.com/rberenguel/tla_lightning/raw/master/tla_lightning_with_presenter_notes.pdf). You can watch the live recording [here](https://skillsmatter.com/skillscasts/13265-lightning-talk-formally-verifying-complex-systems-using-tla). You can play a bit with TLA+ online (specifically with the examples used in this presentation) via the Binder link above, thanks to [the work of Stas Kelvich to provide a Jupyter kernel for TLA+](https://github.com/kelvich/tlaplus_jupyter).

Sadly the PDF does not show animated gifs or videos, you can either check what they are in the [images](https://github.com/rberenguel/tla_lightning/raw/master/images/) folder  or watch the video.

---

This presentation is formatted in Markdown and prepared to be used with
[Deckset](https://www.decksetapp.com/). The drawings were done on an iPad Pro
using [Procreate](https://procreate.art). **Here only the final PDF and the
source Markdown is available **. Sadly animated gifs and video are just static images in the PDF.
